Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Ha ha. That's right.
Yo. What's up. money?
you can't understand
Y'all seen
how my last fight ended
this right here is how
my first fight started.
"Fight!"
Get offa him! Leave him alone!
I told you. stop
playin' with us.
He's hurt. let him go.
Leave him alone!
Shut up. Jukebox!
I wouldn't do that. yo.
Why don't you say somethin'. bitch?
Y'all better recognize.
You already doin' man.
Can't mess with us.
Kanan. you don't
have to do this!
That fool didn't
know what he was doin'.
Exactly. Let
it go. Let it go.
Yo!
-  He's cuttin' out.
Next time. you're gonna give
up that money when I tell you.
Stop playin' with us. man.
Man. let's go. let's do it.
-  Get off. let me go.
-  Let her go.
Punk-ass!
Hey. nice job.
You okay. Kanan?
Kanan?
-  See this?
- Kanan?
Now everybody's
laughing at you.
Kanan?
The
hood got no love
for a motherfucker who run.
Bye. Kanan!
Kanan! Get back here!
There I go.
Damn. That shit's a bad look.
You all right. Kanan?
Improved By M_I_S
www.opensubtitles.org
My mom and her
boyfriend. High Post.
Where you goin'. Kanan?
Look like little Kanan got
in a tussle at the park.
Post is the one
who really got her in the game.
Hey.
You want me to go talk to him?
Not every kid up for
the Southside. Raq.
Mine is.
Post'll
be dead in a year.
Someone lit his ass
on fire for tellin'.
I always liked that brother.
Treated my mom right.
Why you cryin'. Kanan?
What happened?
Tyus and Antoine
jumped me for my money.
How they know you had it?
I told you not to show
nobody your money.
Didn't show nothin'.
You talkin'
about it. then.
And you gave it up.
They beat me down.
Where was Jukebox?
They were holdin' her back.
Tyus' stronger than me.
We goin' back to that park.
Hey. Let's go.
Let's go.
That them?
Deal with them or deal with me.
but there ain't nowhere to
run when it comes to me.
Get yours. boy.
Huh! Huh! Huh! Huh!
You know I can get
tickets to first base.
He can't get tickets.
- Stop...
- Yo.
Yo. so you back for more?
Oh. my God!
- Yo. Kanan. no...
Come on. let's go.
Damn. payback's
a mother fucker.
Southside.
Jamaica. Queens. 1985.
Kanan messin' these niggas up!
That was the
first time my name rang out.
And it ain't stopped
ringing since.
That's the bell.
Everyone. get to class.
Didn't you hear me?
My office.
This could be a
life-changing opportunity for you. Kanan.
Stuyvesant is one of the best
high schools in the country.
Now. that's what
I'm talkin' about.
Ma. but I don't
wanna change schools.
There isn't enough time
to fully prepare Kanan
for the entrance
exam. but I am betting
that just based on what
he already has stored up
in the that ample brain of
his. he'll do quite well.
It's a brand-new school building
with a pool. five gymnasiums.
12 science labs. and escalators.
Word? Escalators?
The building
cost $150 million.
That's some real money.
The most
expensive high school
ever built in the city
with a top-notch
faculty to match.
Stuyvesant ain't playing.
I hope you don't mind
that I took the liberty
of signing Kanan up for
the entrance exam myself.
But there's still paperwork
that requires your signature.
Thank you.
There's no limit
to your potential. Kanan.
and there's nothing worse
than squandered talent.
- What?
-  Hey...
You're takin' that test.
and you're goin' to that school.
I like it here.
I'd have to take the
bus all the way down
to Sutphin and take the E.
Ain't nobody tryin'
to do all that.
Besides. I'm doin' good here.
Why we gotta go switchin' up?
Because there is a better
plan for you. a bigger world.
Ah.
That's me right there.
It's the only shit I
ever liked in school.
My girl Cassiopeia.
she got put up
here as punishment.
Rolled up on Poseidon and said
she was finer than his mermaids.
so he threw her up in the sky.
spins around the North
Pole for eternity.
Old girl's just holdin' on.
always about to
fall off the throne.
That's real right there.
Look. I got a plan
for you. Kanan.
And this new school. it
figures in just right.
So you gonna take that test.
you're gonna get into
that school downtown.
you're gonna go to college.
and you're gonna become
a CEO or some shit.
Okay. you about to live a life
that people 'round
here only dream about.
But I'd be away from you. Ma.
Your life is my life.
You fly. I fly.
I gotta go. I love you.
You hear that?
You feel that?
My cousin Jukebox can sing.
But that voice gon' fool yo ass
'cause you never knew a
nigga harder than Jukebox.
and I ain't never loved
nobody harder neither.
Juke. everything.
Thanks.
Kanan.
What's up. Davina?
I saw your mom in the
hallway earlier today.
She's so pretty.
Davina Harrison.
To me. Davina was
the dopest girl
on the Southside. no question.
See. Davina didn't even
know she was a dime.
which only made her
that much finer.
Any time she looked
in my direction.
I damn near forgot my own name.
Look at me.
Nigga can't even speak.
And you got them same genes.
Look. I ain't never really
seen a good picture of my pops.
He might be crazy
ugly. I don't know.
Look. everybody says
he used to. like.
run the hood back in the day.
and they don't let
ugly dudes do that.
And you cute already anyway.
Next!
You up.
- Huh?
- Y-you. uh...
You... yeah.
Yo. what up. Jukebox?
The
crew. My people.
Fuck that food shit. Give
me a... give me a beat.
Oh. word?
You can't teach
that shit. nigga!
Come on. That's God-given.
That's touched by a angel.
That's off the dome. nigga.
I'm not
gonna lie. Famous.
That's not the worst
rhyme you've ever spit.
Thanks?
Sean "Puerto
Rican Famous". Figueroa.
But we just called him "Famous"
because when he was
in the third grade.
he won some contest to read
a poem he wrote on the radio.
That shit was garbage.
but that's my nigga.
Every school got
a Davina Harrison.
and every Davina
Harrison in every school
got a boyfriend
like Buck Twenty.
the smoothest. best-dressed dude
around the way.
Fuck Buck Twenty.
How long you been
tryin' to get with her?
Since second grade?
How long she been
playing you to the left?
First grade.
Maybe you should move on.
Juke. I ain't never movin' on.
How the fuck did
Born Ready get hit?
They savior he cipher
squared wisdom gods.
There
go my Uncle Lou-Lou.
my mom's youngest
brother and right hand
up in this muhfucker.
If there shit that need doin'.
Uncle Lou-Lou'll get it
done. and get it done right.
Up on knowledge. culture power.
Oh. and
they talkin' in code.
or some type of secret shit.
That's why you don't
know what they sayin'.
So mind your own damn bidness.
No one gone to the essence.
but Born Ready. he caught one.
- But where he at?
- He in here.
-  What's good?
-  Yo.
They just ran up
on us and blazed.
Four dudes.
E-Z. Trace. and L-Mack got away.but
Ready got hit in the leg.
Shit burns.
Marvin. what
the fuck happened?
Got him in the meat.
Ready'll be a'ight.
Where you been?
Nigga hungry.
Uncle Marvin.
My mom's older brother.
That nigga never
miss a opportunity
to miss a opportunity.
But he loyal.
And tough.
And he always eatin'.
'Nique tryin'
to muscle his way
onto our corners again.
We need to push back.
He need to feel us.
You want us take it to the
street. it'll be taken.
Nah. we barely comin'
out this drought.
We don't need a war right now.
It ain't about
what we need. sis.
It's about what we got.
We can't let 'em body us.
especially when
business so tight.
And we gettin'
elbowed down at Lanes.
- Since when?
-  Couple weeks.
Harlem niggas is movin' in.
And I'm just hearin'
about it now?
I just heard about it.
It's accurate.
You runnin' distro
downtown. right?
Then run it.
Now I gotta go deal
with this bullshit.
We got your hospital bill.
Thanks.
Can't sleep on this
hospital apple sauce. yo.
Oh... come on.
-  Shoot. shoot. shoot.
-  Yes!
Come on.
come on. come on...
Ryu 'bout
to fuck you up!
Chun-Li's making you her bitch.
Blocks and weaves.
blocks and weaves...
Ooh... oh!
Ah! Ooh!
Oh! Boy.
My bitch.
That's some bullshit.
You know this shit fake.
Let's do it again.
Wanna
go for round two?
Yeah.
That's Unique.
Biggest drug dealer
on the Southside.
Niggas wanna be him
or be down with him.
That shit's bulletproof.
Unique's got a dude
in Utah who armors up
all his rides for him.
I didn't know
Unique put Buck on.
Yo. we
lookin' for Hugo.
Uh. not here.
Any idea when he'll be back?
Hugo's taking a
mental health day.
I told you. I'm done
with green apples.
My nutritionist says only citrus for the
rest of the year. Where are my tangerines?
And who are you?
My sister and I. we got
bidness with. uh. Hugo.
Oh. Hugo's business
is my business.
I'm the club's new publicist.
Well. this
ain't about publicity.
Everything's about publicity.
Wait. I know who you are.
You're the drug dealer.
You're the one who
made a deal with Hugo
to sell your blow here.
Your coke's all stepped on
and dirty... ghetto shit.
It's a bad look for the club.
Going forward. we're
gonna be using my source.
I bet you won't.
Let me get at her
for a sec. Raq.
Yeah. this bitch doesn't
know who she's fuckin' with.
Who you calling a bitch?
- You. bitch.
-  Raq.
- Let me handle it.
I'm not the one.
Know this.
Your sister
needs to chill the fuck out.
She needs to know I'm not
some scared-ass
white girl. honey.
Let me holler
at you for a sec.
She's the worst.
Well. she 'bout to
get her ass beat.
Tears will not be shed.
Symphony Bosket.
That's a hell of a name.
Well. I'm a hell of a guy.
Raquel Thomas.
People call me Raq.
You new?
I'm just working here
Tuesdays and Thursday nights.
Got class all the others.
Oh. what you learnin'. Symphony?
I'm getting my masters
up at City College.
- Urban planning.
- Well. I'm urban.
I like plans.
Might just have some
shit to talk about. then.
Yo. Raq.
We're gonna get at Hugo later.
I'll see you 'round. Symphony.
I'm gonna look forward to that.
Lamont's Diner.
That's our spot.
Dinner every Wednesday night
for as long as I can remember.
Best memories I got.
-  Okay. Lou-Lou.
-  He's not?
-  No.
-  Who funnier?
I mean. the bald one.
Oh. we not even
talkin' about that.
-  Like I said...
-  Just saying...
Look. look. I'm-I'm
just telling you all.
though. for real. Juke.
you was killin' at choir
practice today. for real.
- For real.
- My girl's a star.
Yo. Juke ain't no joke.
baby. That's right. B.
- Oh. that was a good one.
Well. your ma's been tellin'
me about this Stuyvesant test.
That's dope. It's good.
New building. what?
It's a new building where...
Got a bunch of labs.
pools. escalators.
Who got labs?
Look. the principal
over at the high school
wants him to take that test
to get into the school downtown.
Now. it's supposed to
be the best high school
- in the city.
- What city?
How come. uh. the principal
never stepped to you
- about this. Juke?
-  She did.
But you said it was
gonna be a waste of time.
that all them white
folks down there
was never gon' give
me a real chance.
I mean. that sounds
some shit I'd say.
- Yeah. exactly.
Look. okay. well. take
the test now. then.
I'm too old.
Fuck it. then. I
mean. arts and science
is good enough for us. good
enough for my daughter.
That shit wasn't good
enough for us. Marvin.
- That's the point.
-  Whatever.
That's us.
Whole fam.
- Hey. yo!
- Doin' our thing.
- Yo. Fame!
- Thomases. What up?
-  What's goin' on. man?
Hey. hey. what's
the word. Thomas family?
Yo. so how much you payin'
this fine-lookin' woman
to walk around with you. Famous?
'Cause I know she ain't
kickin' it with you for free.
That's my sister. Jessica.
Oh. didn't even
know you had a sister.
I've been livin' with
my father in Baltimore.
Up here now to work
and go to school.
Oh. nothing I love more
than a working girl.
Somehow. it doesn't surprise
me that you love working girls.
Oh. sh...
Thirty seconds in. and she
already out your league.
Pull up a couple
seats. I got dinner.
No. we cool. we was just
passing through. Mrs. Raq.
- I just wanted to say "hi."
-  Famous.
You really gonna sit here and
act like it's a coincidence
- that you showed up?
- For real.
You know this our spot and time.
- Sit down.
-  Right.
I mean. if y'all insisting.
Hey. no one
insisting on shit. nigga.
Are you eatin' or not?
I'm eatin'.
Whoa. whoa.
Ha.
-  Dude. we know you.
Ain't no time to be poor. right?
It's cool to be poor.
Cool?
- Hey.
-  I'm Lou.
-  Jessica.
What's the
day's mathematics?
Power understanding
off the corners.
Wisdom and knowledge
from the other spots.
We down.
The price of jumbos dropped.
Had to keep up with the Joneses.
You not cold?
Yo.
Yo. What up?
Yo. I don't want your uncle
messin' with my sister. man.
- Fame.
- She not built for this shit.
Yo. you been wantin' to
be a part of our family
since you was. like.
four years old. Famous.
Hey. maybe this is
finally your way in.
- You know what I mean?
-  Word.
- Love. marriage.
- Yeah. maybe.
-  In-laws.
-  Exactly. Juke.
- Down!
You okay?
- Yeah.
- You okay?
-  I'm good.
- You two?
-  Yeah.
- Lou-Lou. good?
We good. I'm good.
Yo. you all right?
That's probably the bravest
thing any dude's ever done for me.
You hangin' with
the wrong dudes.
- Clearly.
Yo. That's Five-O. Let's be out.
Yo. Famous.
get in the car.
You okay?
Yeah.
I know who shot at us tonight.
You don't know
what you know. Kanan.
Hmph. Yeah. I know more
than you think I do.
I'm handling it.
We good.
That secret language you talk
with Uncle Marv and Lou-Lou.
all that wisdom. cipher.
understanding stuff.
it's Supreme mathematics
and alphabet.
I heard some Five
Percenters using it.
You always talkin' numbers
outside of Lamont's.
"Power understanding" is 53.
"Wisdom knowledge." 21.
Ma. I'm telling
you. I know stuff.
Look. you need to stay
out grown folks' business.
Okay. I told you. I'ma deal
with what happened tonight.
Okay. you just focus on
this test and school.
You handle your job.
I'll handle mine.
No. but what if
something happens to you?
That was just a message. They
weren't tryin' to hit me.
But what if they did
and you were gone?
- What happens to me?
You'd go live with
your grandmother.
That's one of the reasons
I rented her that house.
So you always have
a place to go.
I don't want you to die.
Go to bed.
I seen my life flash in
front of my eyes last night.
Well. that's not much to see.
Fuck you. Juke.
Hey.
what was Raq
talkin' about last night
when you got home?
She say she wanna fix it.
Then she gonna fix it.
Guess you won't have to worry
about this shit no more.
You gonna be at
your fancy school
next year downtown.
Test tomorrow.
Yo. if it was me.
I'd fuck up that special
test shit on purpose.
I ain't goin' to school
with them fuckin' crackers.
Nigga. the
only special test
you ever gonna take is
the one to make sure
you ain't got that HIV
from Toya Hutchinson.
I used a
jimmy hat. a'ight?
Word?
I pulled out early. nigga! Damn!
You just
stupid. Famous. That's all.
I guess.
You came at me and my
family last night. 'Nique.
Wasn't tryin' to
hurt nobody. Raq.
Niggas are just
buckin' off in the air.
tryin' to get your attention
to motivate this
parley right here.
Your brother would've
never done shit like that.
Yeah. maybe not.
You see. Ronnie's
upstate for the rest
of his natural life.
and I'm runnin'
the show right now.
so I do what I wanna do.
You also bum rushed
my dudes on 145th.
Listen. my niggas
got a little wild.
but they've been checked.
But look. Raq.
High Post and my
brother had an agreement
that those blocks above 139th
is a demilitarized zone.
No man's land.
Then when your little
peoples ran in there.
snatched that up
without checkin' in.
'Sup with that?
Post's deals ain't my deals.
You know. you must
really miss Post.
Bein' that you two were just
so madly in love and shit.
Post used to say.
"Once you're on your knees.
it's damn near impossible
to get back on your feet."
I ain't gettin' on
my knees. 'Nique.
Not for you or no man.
You take 140 to 143.
I get 144 to Sutphin.
- Why you get the extra block?
- Look.
We can go head up in this
motherfucker. 'Nique.
No matter where you were aimin'.
you took a shot at me
and mines last night.
My peoples are ready
to throw the fuck down.
You can't afford the
war right now. Raq.
You hurtin' just like me.
Well. outta my pain
comes strength. nigga.
140 to 143.
Word is bond.
You know. that's a fly-ass
jacket right there. B.
You bring that to
shop. and we can
- tighten that up for you.
-  Mm-hmm.
- What the fuck is that?
- Come here. baby.
Ah...
What the fuck is that smell?
How you just gonna stop?
Bella?
Did you go poopy?
Hey. get me some water. yo.
Where are you. Bella. baby?
They said you got
a break halfway through.
Thanks.
You're gonna crush this. baby.
You have three hours
to complete the exam.
You may open your test
booklets and begin the exam...
Now.
Good luck.
Niggas defined
by the choices they make.
And my choice has always
been clear as hell.
My moms over everything.
Especially some downtown school
with a bunch of white niggas.
Medium well.
No doubt.
Test went quick.
Knew the answers
before I even sat down.
Hey. uh
saw Buck on your mom's
corner on the way over.
140th.
Damn. this nigga takin'
shots at us at the diner.
now he takin' corners too?
I thought you told Juke
your mom was gonna fix that.
We gonna handle it.
My brother got some gats
hidden around the crib.
D-Wiz.
D the one givin' Famous
the beat on the table
back in my old school.
Lot of fake tough
guys around the way.
Niggas who act like
they got heart.
but bitch up when shit get hot.
That wasn't D-Wiz.
D always with
whatever. whenever.
That's my man.
Let's do this.
He got caught
by his parents.
- With a girl in his room.
- No way. Are you kidding?
What's up?
Can we help you?
Oh. shit. uh. this is Laverne.
We met at the choir competition
at City Center last week.
You go to Spence. right?
You're. uh. you're in
my friend Alex's class.
Nah.
Where do you go to school?
Jamaica.
The island. Jamaica?
Oh. my God. Um. Queens.
Jamaica. Queens.
Laverne and I are working
on a duet together
for the Deb Ball.
It's like a
exchange program thingy.
I'll call you guys later.
- What the heck was that?
- I don't know.
God. the Deb Ball's this thing
that happens every year
for rich white
girls to be. like.
presented to rich white guys.
Rich Black
people have that too.
Jack and Jill or some shit.
Not that I've ever been invited.
Come with me to mine. then.
Nobody want me there.
I want you there.
Come on. come on. come on.
Yo. um. what's
up with the mutt?
Tumor in his spine.
Can't use his rear legs no more.
Yo. well. never
give up on family.
No doubt.
Yo. uh. Hugo say we good.
Back up at Lanes
again. Own a spot.
He also was talkin'
some crazy shit
about the new white
girl up in there.
And. uh. and a dog in
a fuckin' microwave.
What white girl?
You're so pretty.
- Yeah.
You're shaking.
I get it. I get it.
Let me get
five red caps. yo.
Let me see cash.
Look at this.
Postin' up on my mom's corner?
That's straight-up disrespect.
Let me get the strap.
I'm using the other one.
I don't know what the fuck
you niggas is holdin'.
Mm-mm.
I ain't goin' out
there naked. man.
Fuck that... what am I gonna do
when they start shootin'
back at us. huh?
Yell at them?
Man. look. y'all lay back.
Me and D'll do this.
Wait here.
Hmph.
The fuck you want. Kanan?
Oh. shit!
Oh
-  Who shot him?
Me or you?
Nigga tryin' to speak.
Buck Twenty the
first nigga I ever pointed a gun at.
You never forget that shit.
- It stay with you.
It live with you.
Yo! Five-O!
Kanan. let's go. man!
It's been a minute since
anybody asked me out on a date.
I know I'm not the
kind of brother
you probably mess with.
I'm in a
specific line of work. Symphony.
Not everybody can get down.
If it's not a problem for you.
it's not a problem for me.
So urban planning?
What do I need to know?
Oh. man. How much time you got?
How 'bout when Robert Moses
built the Cross
Bronx in the '40s.
he moved out 5.000
low-income families?
Just threw them in the street.
But if he'd run the
expressway along Crotona Park
like a lot of
people told him to.
only. like. 50 families
would have had to go.
I've never even heard
of Robert Moses.
Pretty much the architect
of the whole damn city
and Westchester and Long
Island and Rockland County.
Lotta people. including me.
think he destroyed those spots.
But I tell you all that
because that right
there is urban planning.
It's where policy
and design intersect.
- Look what you done started.
I like brothers with
bigger ideas than me.
Kanan.
I'm sorry. I gotta go.
- For dinner.
- No. but I asked you out.
I had squashed it. Kanan.
It was done. Over.
We made that peace.
Ma. he tried to kill you!
Then they was just
on your corner.
disrespectin' you? Hell no!
I gave him those corners.
Why-why would you do that?
- Great question.
- Here we go.
You wanna
start your own shit?
Make your own calls?
Have at it. nigga.
But if the past
taught us anything.
it's that you not made
to sit in this seat.
to walk in these fuckin' shoes.
So how 'bout you
shut the fuck up
and let me speak to my son?
That your blood?
No. it's the other kid.
Yeah. The dead kid.
So just so we clear.
you and your friends
killed that boy
for a corner I already gave up.
- I Didn't know you gave it up.
-  Exactly.
You don't know. but
you think you do.
You all do.
And where the fuck was you at
when all this stupidness
was goin' down?
Choir practice.
Singing.
She was singin'.
Ma. I wanna help you.
-  You wanna help me?
- Yes!
Go to that school and get
the fuck up outta here!
You coulda sent me to
live with grandmoms
a long time ago!
Schools out there is safe. is
good. but you ain't do that.
You kept me right
here next to you
'cause this is all we got.
I'm here because
you wanted me here!
And now you tryin' to send me
to some spot downtown. right?
So I can go to college.
get some corny-ass job.
and raise up off
the block forever?
Leave you here alone?
Which one is it. Ma?
Am I stayin' here.
or am I goin'?
For real. you need
to make up your mind.
Go to your room.
I'm grown.
I don't think you can tell
me to do that no more.
You must be
out your damn mind.
Somebody gotta fly that
flag and have your back.
That's what I did.
Ma. that's who I am! No. no.
no. I tell you who you are. Kanan.
not the other way around!
I am your mother!
That sweatshirt gotta go. Raq.
Go take it off.
Yo. you gotta burn that shit.
Come on.
'Nique gonna hit us back.
Sh...
Look. Ma...  Not
nearly that time yet. Kanan.
Not even close.
Go take out the garbage and
get back up to your room.
Gonna take you to
your grandmother's.
Maybe you were right.
Maybe I should've sent you
out there from the rip.
Yo. Kanan!
Kanan!
I'm good. I'm good.
I'm not hit.
Every hood got
a cop like Malcolm Howard.
Act like he own the streets.
Like we all answer to his ass.
Like he the biggest
gangster around the way.
But it ain't that simple.
It ain't never that simple.
Looks like baby
boy's balls dropped.
The block's the same.
him and his boys.
they got prices on their heads.
Yeah. well
block's got it wrong.
Maybe you should. uh. get
out while you still can.
They hit the wrong house.
Just a fucked up mistake.
Hmm. That's your story.
You're stickin' to it?
That's the one.
You spinnin' that same shit?
My son don't got
nothing to say to you.
Watch your back. Raquel.
And keep them eyes open. B.
Yo. let us
through. man. we family.
Yo. Raq.
You a'ight?
Guns wasn't pointed
in the air this time.
It's your first
crime scene. Burke.
What do you got?
Nine-millimeter
shell casings.
Some sort of SMG.
Gonna run ballistics.
see if we can match it.
Ah. you all sleuthing up
in this motherfucker. huh?
Just doin' my job.
Yeah. well. I
hope you're a good swimmer.
The gat that squeezed
that shit out
it's already at the
bottom of Baisley Pond.
Shit's scary. right?
Psh. Shit's so scary. I didn't
even have time to be scared.
I'm glad they missed.
Yeah. me too.
Yo.
Where was you at earlier?
White girl?
You know I'd never tell you
how to raise your son. Raq.
But them fools is
comin' for Kanan.
And no escalator in no school
is gonna save him from that.
Neither is his mama.
For Buck's family.
Sss.
We had a truce. Raq.
That your boy and
his crew violated.
Now. you think a clip of
cash for Buck's family
gonna nearly fix that. Raq?
If our word don't count.
this whole shit falls apart.
You know that.
Speakin' on violations.
You came after my
son last night...
Where we stay at.
And we gonna keep comin'. Raq.
You see. I got money on
all them niggas' heads
until you and I come
to an agreement.
Or until we don't
need to no more.
Now. look.
I want all them corners.
No compromise. no split.
no nothing.
They all comin' to me now.
See. look.
My crew's lookin' at me like
if I don't brin' something
back real for Buck.
they gonna start wantin'
answers to questions
people in our position don't
ever wanna be asked. Raq.
Kanan's not to be touched.
I'll dead the bounty.
But you gotta understand this:
I can only control
what I can control.
See. Buck's got a lot of
people on the Southside. Raq.
And I can't be held responsible
for random niggas
wantin' to take matters
into they own hands.
Kanan's not in this.
Kanan's you and
Def Con's boy. Raq.
That nigga been in the shit
before he was even in this shit.
That's why I always say
this hustle right here
ain't for the broads.
Raq.
'Cause you see. in this shit.
you can't give a fuck
about nobody or nothing
more than your business.
Distractions make you
weak. Make you blink.
You don't care about your son
any less than I care about Kanan.
Listen.
Jerome's my heart.
but he ain't live inside of me.
He didn't come out of me. Raq.
You see. you and Kanan
connected in a way
me and Jerome just
never will be. Raq.
You can't fuck with
that chemistry.
It's biology.
Even worse. Raq.
Listen.
All them corners is mine now.
I'm not blinkin'. 'Nique.
My eyes are wide fuckin' open.
Kanan.
Get
dressed. We're goin'.
Goin' where?
Just get dressed.
Thought you were
takin' me to Grandma's.
How'd that test go?
For real.
Don't lie to me.
If there was a lot of
answers in that B column.
I might be a'ight.
You threw it.
Kanan went hard on them Bs.
You see those four
stars? Right there.
That rectangle.
With those diagonal stars
right in the middle of them.
That's Orion the Hunter.
That's us. Kanan.
Orion.
Always the hunter.
never the hunted.
Go ahead. Take it.
Point it straight out there.
Hold that shit with two hands.
Strong hand on top.
Extend your arms.
Aim straight out there.
Squeeze one off.
That bullet's out there now.
Circlin' the world
with your name on it.
Now you gonna be runnin'
from it for forever.
You wanted to be in it?
You in it.
You already
know how my shit ended.
And now you know how it started.
But the real story is
what happened in between.
This is that story.
This is my story.
This is a Southside.
Jamaica. Queens story.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org